v5.1.1 (#117)
LycheeOrg/LycheeOrg.github.io: docs/releases.md

## Version 5

### v5.1.1

Released on Jan 22, 2024

#### Thank you @qwerty287

> This is with great regret that we see one of our contributor leave for personal reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is with great regret that we see one of our core contributors leave for personal reasons.
```
